Sublime Text 2/Packages/LoremIpsum/README.markdown, before:

# LoremIpsum

An extension for Sublime Text 2.

It allow you to Insert Lorem Ipsum in the editor via menu items or keyboard shortcut.

Select how much text you want from the menu item in `Edit->Text->Lorem Ipsum` or on the right click menu in `Lorem Ipsum`.

Just press the shortcut key (Alt+Command+l on OSX, Control+Alt+l on Windows/Linux) to add Lorem Ipsum text. Keep pressing to add more.

Alternatively, you can also specify the number of paragraphs, by writing a number, and pressing the shortcut key. Lorem Ipsum will check if there is a number directly preceding the selection range, and replace it with that many paragraphs of lorem ipsum. Addind a decimal point, defines the approximate number of words per paragraph.

## Examples

Generate a dummy title for a blog, and a few paragraphs

- Press the shortcut once, to generate a single line of lorem upsum, of about 10 characters
- Move down to a newline, and type `5.60` and then press the keyboard shortcut for lorem ipsum

## Features

1. Uses only words from [the original Lorem ipsum text](http://www.lipsum.com/)
2. Randomly generates text from selection of words
3. Always starts with `Lorem ipsum` for first paragraph, and capitalizes following paragraphs
4. Leaves the inserted text un-selected, so you can insert some more straight away (rapid tapping to get as much lorem as you want)
5. Shortcut key, `Edit -> Text -> Lorem Ipsum...` sub-menu, and context menu activation
6. Variable size of text from just `a bit` to more than you can shake a stick at!
7. *NEW*: Specify how many paragraphs and words per paragraph you want (type a number before pressing the lorem ipsum keyboard shortcut)
8. Works with multiple selection ranges
9. *NEW*: Does not leave trailing spaces

## Install

### Package Control

The easiest way to install this is with [Package Control](http://wbond.net/sublime\_packages/package\_control).

 * If you just went and installed Package Control, you probably need to restart Sublime Text 2 before doing this next bit.
 * Bring up the Command Palette (Command+Shift+p on OS X, Control+Shift+p on Linux/Windows).
 * Select "Package Control: Install Package" (it'll take a few seconds)
 * Select LoremIpsum when the list appears.

Package Control will automatically keep Git up to date with the latest version.

If you have some problems or improvements with it, contact me via GitHub.

Commit message:

Sublime Text 2: Bring packages up to speed, added some Clojure stuff

Sublime Text 2/Packages/LoremIpsum/README.markdown, after:

# LoremIpsum

An extension for Sublime Text 2 and 3!

_(Support for Sublime Text 3 is new, and barely tested - any feedback appreciated - see ST3 section below)_

It allow you to Insert Lorem Ipsum in the editor via menu items or keyboard shortcut.

Select how much text you want from the menu item in `Edit->Text->Lorem Ipsum` or on the right click menu in `Lorem Ipsum`.

Just press the shortcut key (Alt+Command+l on OSX, Control+Alt+l on Windows and Shift+Alt+l on Linux) to add Lorem Ipsum text. Keep pressing to add more.

Alternatively, you can also specify the number of paragraphs, by writing a number, and pressing the shortcut key. Lorem Ipsum will check if there is a number directly preceding the selection range, and replace it with that many paragraphs of lorem ipsum. Addind a decimal point, defines the approximate number of words per paragraph.

## Examples

Generate a dummy title for a blog, and a few paragraphs

- Press the shortcut once, to generate a single line of lorem upsum, of about 10 characters
- Move down to a newline, and type `5.60` and then press the keyboard shortcut for lorem ipsum

## Features

1. Uses only words from [the original Lorem ipsum text](http://www.lipsum.com/)
2. Randomly generates text from selection of words
3. Always starts with `Lorem ipsum` for first paragraph, and capitalizes following paragraphs
4. Leaves the inserted text un-selected, so you can insert some more straight away (rapid tapping to get as much lorem as you want)
5. Shortcut key, `Edit -> Text -> Lorem Ipsum...` sub-menu, and context menu activation
6. Variable size of text from just `a bit` to more than you can shake a stick at!
7. *NEW*: Specify how many paragraphs and words per paragraph you want (type a number before pressing the lorem ipsum keyboard shortcut)
8. Works with multiple selection ranges
9. *NEW*: Does not leave trailing spaces

## Install

### Package Control

The easiest way to install this is with [Package Control](http://wbond.net/sublime\_packages/package\_control).

 * If you just went and installed Package Control, you probably need to restart Sublime Text 2 before doing this next bit.
 * Bring up the Command Palette (Command+Shift+p on OS X, Control+Shift+p on Linux/Windows).
 * Select "Package Control: Install Package" (it'll take a few seconds)
 * Select LoremIpsum when the list appears.

Package Control will automatically keep Git up to date with the latest version.

### Manual Install for ST3

1. Open the sublime text command pallete, and **Preferences: Browse Packages**
2. Checout the ST3 branch of this repo in there
3. Restart ST3

Report bugs here, and I will do my best to repair them (or better still - make the fix, and send me a pull request).

---

If you have some problems or improvements with it, contact me via GitHub.
